Update forms-design.md (#394)
w3c/wai-curricula: content/designer/forms-design.md

Students should be able to:

* explain how people with disabilities rely on placement, structure, labels, instructions, and notifications to understand, navigate, and interact with forms

> * define consistent use, placement, and appearance of form elements according to overall usability best practices

Author: ```suggestion
* define consistent use, placement, and appearance of form elements
```

{% include excol.html type="start" %}

### Topic: Form Elements

{% include excol.html type="middle" %}

Show examples of different form elements and their intended purpose according to overall usability best practices, including edit boxes, check boxes, radio buttons. Explain uses of standard and non-standard components and how they impact accessibility.

#### Learning Outcomes for Topic

Students should be able to:

* identify different uses and intended purposes of form elements, including:
  * edit boxes for text insertion
  * check boxes for multiple selections
  * radio buttons for single selections
  * buttons for input submission
* identify the compatibility issues and cognitive overload from using form elements with unintended purposes

> * evaluate the use of standard versus non-standard form elements and select those which minimize extra work to include accessibility features at a later phase

Author: ```suggestion
* evaluate the use of standard versus non-standard form elements and select those which minimize extra work to make them accessible at a later phase
```
